[MI-3626]: Test cases of slash commands for MS Teams plugin (#6)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/MS Teams sync/Slash commands/Link_channels.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Link channel command"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: Slash commands
authors: "@AayushChaudhary0001"
team_ownership: 
- Change Team Name
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

> 1. Run the "/msteams-sync link <msteams-teams-id> <msteams-channel-id>" command in the desired MM channel.

Reviewer: Can we also write down the necessary permissions required to run this command?

> 1. Run the `/msteams-sync link <msteams-teams-id> <msteams-channel-id>` command in the desired MM channel by the account of system admin.

Reviewer 2: After the creation of the UI, the parameters for this command will change. So, we should add labels on the PR which adds UI and modifies this slash command.

Reviewer 2: Why are we running the command here by system admin?

**Step 2**

> 1. Run the `/msteams-sync link <msteams-teams-id> <msteams-channel-id>` when the desired channel is already connected by the account of system admin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Run the `/msteams-sync link <msteams-teams-id> <msteams-channel-id>` when the desired channel is already linked to a MS Teams channel by the account of system admin.
```

**Expected**

> The user should be able to link the desired MM channel to the desired Teams channel. Also, on step 2, the user should receive a message that this channel is already connected to a Teams channel.

Reviewer 2: Replace all instances of Teams with "MS Teams" in all the files.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The user should be able to link the desired MM channel to the desired MS Teams channel. Also, on step 2, the user should receive a message that this channel is already linked to an MS Teams channel.
```
